= didi

Description goes here.

== Contributing to didi
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Koen Van Winckel. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.



= TODO

* set :site, "apache vhost here" => not clear what this is
* set :sitesubdir, "default" => use :site here ?
* create default + multisite with :site
* sensible default: adminpass => default is admin admin
* server app, web, db => hide this db depends on settings.php so specified else where
* set :scm, "subversion" => document options => with svn url needs to be location of cap file
* set :baseline => should not be mandatory
* set :sitemail => should not be mandatory
* stages => reserverd names (eg. test)
* set :deploy_to => needs to be absolute (+what with trailing slash?)
* requirements: drush
* deploy:check => uitbreiden met control of repostioryu (svn / git) bereikbaar is) see "depend"
* deploy:check => ook mysql connectie controleren
* svn: problem with acceptance voor certificate
* scm_username, scm_password 
* drush:si => ook feature revert all doen
* apache vhost opgeven en gesymlinked word
* railslessdeploy: run_locally
* robots.txt disallow all
